DOC-3393: Document storage parameters (#14399)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v22.1/misc/table-storage-parameters.md

| Parameter name      | Description | Data type | Default value |
|---------------------+----------------------+-----+------|

> | exclude_data_from_backup | Excludes the data in this table from any future backups. | Boolean | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exclude_data_from_backup | Exclude the data in this table from any future backups. | Boolean | `false` |
```

| ttl | Signifies if a TTL is active. Automatically set and controls the reset of all TTL-related storage parameters. | N/A | N/A |
| ttl_automatic_column | If set, use the value of the `crdb_internal_expiration` hidden column. Currently always set to `true` and cannot be reset. | Boolean | `true` |

> | ttl_delete_batch_size | How many rows to [delete](delete.html) at a time. Minimum: `1`. | Integer | `100` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ttl_delete_batch_size | The number of rows to [delete](delete.html) at a time. Minimum: `1`. | Integer | `100` |
```

| ttl_delete_rate_limit | Maximum number of rows to be deleted per second (rate limit). `0` means no limit.. | Integer | `0` |
| ttl_expire_after | The [interval](interval.html) when a TTL will expire. This parameter is required to enable TTL. Minimum value: `'1 microsecond'`.<br/><br/>Use `RESET (ttl)` to remove from the table. | Interval | N/A |
| ttl_job_cron | Frequency at which the TTL job runs. | [CRON syntax](https://cron.help) | `'@hourly'` |

> | ttl_label_metrics | Controls whether or not [TTL metrics](row-level-ttl.html#ttl-metrics) are labelled by table name (at the risk of added cardinality). | Boolean | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ttl_label_metrics | Whether or not [TTL metrics](row-level-ttl.html#ttl-metrics) are labelled by table name (at the risk of added cardinality). | Boolean | `false` |
```

> | ttl_label_metrics | Controls whether or not [TTL metrics](row-level-ttl.html#ttl-metrics) are labelled by table name (at the risk of added cardinality). | Boolean | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ttl_label_metrics | Whether or not [TTL metrics](row-level-ttl.html#ttl-metrics) are labelled by table name (at the risk of added cardinality). | Boolean | `false` |
```

| ttl_pause | If set, stops the TTL job from executing. | Boolean | `false` |

> | ttl_range_concurrency | The Row-Level TTL queries split up scans by ranges, and this determines how many concurrent ranges are processed at a time. Minimum: 1. | Integer | 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ttl_range_concurrency |  The number of concurrent ranges processed at a time when Row-Level TTL queries are split up scans by ranges. Minimum: 1. | Integer | 1 |
```

| ttl_row_stats_poll_interval | If set, counts rows and expired rows on the table to report as Prometheus metrics while the TTL job is running. Unset by default, meaning no stats are fetched and reported. | Interval | N/A |

> | ttl_select_batch_size | How many rows to [select](select-clause.html) at one time during the row expiration check. Minimum: 1. | Integer | 500 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ttl_select_batch_size | The number of rows to [select](select-clause.html) at one time during the row expiration check. Minimum: 1. | Integer | 500 |
```

> | ttl_select_batch_size | How many rows to [select](select-clause.html) at one time during the row expiration check. Minimum: 1. | Integer | 500 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ttl_select_batch_size | The number of rows to [select](select-clause.html) at one time during the row expiration check. Minimum: 1. | Integer | 500 |
```
